Mta 4707 (#3300)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/easydeploy-argocd/index.mdx

---
meta:
  title: Deploy Argo CD on Scaleway Kubernetes clusters using Easy Deploy

>   description: Learn how to deploy Argo CD on Scaleway Kubernetes clusters using the Easy Deploy feature. This comprehensive guide provides step-by-step instructions for deploying Argo CD, which pulls application definitions from a Git repository to maintain the desired state across your Kubernetes clusters, ensuring optimal continuous delivery and GitOps practices.

Author: ```suggestion
  description: Deploy Argo CD on Scaleway Kubernetes clusters using Easy Deploy. This guide provides steps for Argo CD to pull application definitions from a Git repository.
```

content:
  h1: Deploy Argo CD on Scaleway Kubernetes clusters using Easy Deploy

>   paragraph: Learn how to deploy Argo CD on Scaleway Kubernetes clusters using the Easy Deploy feature. This comprehensive guide provides step-by-step instructions for deploying Argo CD, which pulls application definitions from a Git repository to maintain the desired state across your Kubernetes clusters, ensuring optimal continuous delivery and GitOps practices.

Author: ```suggestion
  paragraph: Deploy Argo CD on Scaleway Kubernetes clusters using Easy Deploy. This guide provides steps for Argo CD to pull application definitions from a Git repository.
```

---
meta:
  title: Deploy Argo CD on Scaleway Kubernetes clusters using Easy Deploy
  description: Deploy Argo CD on Scaleway Kubernetes clusters using Easy Deploy. This guide provides steps for Argo CD to pull application definitions from a Git repository.
content:
  h1: Deploy Argo CD on Scaleway Kubernetes clusters using Easy Deploy
  paragraph: Deploy Argo CD on Scaleway Kubernetes clusters using Easy Deploy. This guide provides steps for Argo CD to pull application definitions from a Git repository.
tags: Argo CD kubernetes easy deploy
categories:
  - containers
dates:
  validation: 2024-06-13
  posted: 2024-06-13
---

Argo CD is a declarative, GitOps continuous delivery tool for Kubernetes.
It synchronizes application definitions from a Git repository, ensuring that the desired state of applications is maintained across clusters. 
Designed for high scalability and automation, Argo CD supports multi-cluster deployments, automated rollbacks, and advanced RBAC policies.

> Therefore making it ideal for managing complex Kubernetes environments with precision and reliability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This makes it ideal for managing complex Kubernetes environments with precision and reliability.
```
